That's great. Of course many of you are trying to say, "Oh, in the media and in the teaching,
everything is mine, you can't do that."
But that is just too easy in making up ourself, making up easy.
So that's not really according to many of the teachings. Say, "That's not right."
If you have the capability, if you have the opportunity, you can do after more, more labor.
Because we like to accumulate the merit.
Accumulate the merit, as I said many times, you all know, to merit.
The visible merit and the invisible merit, another whole report.
The visible merit is accumulation. Invisible is meditation.
So, to merit. So it's really good.
Unless you can't do any time and all those things, that's it.
But otherwise, you can do all the offerings.
Thank you very much.
Okay, thank you.